Harmonize cpp sdk (#205)
kuzzleio/documentation-V2: src/sdk-reference/cpp/1/kuzzle/introduction/index.md

Once instantiated, it represents a connection to your Kuzzle server.

It gives access to the different functionalities of the SDKs:
 - access to the available controllers
 - [SDK events]({{ site_base_path }}sdk-reference/cpp/1/events) handling
 - activation of resilience to connection loss
 - offline queue management

## Network protocol

Each instance of the class communicates with the Kuzzle server through a class representing a network protocol implementation.  
Theses protocol classes must implement the [Protocol]({{ site_base_path }}sdk-reference/cpp/1/protocol) class.

The following table summarizes the differences between the available protocols:

| Feature | [WebSocket]({{ site_base_path }}sdk-reference/cpp/1/websocket) | Http | 
| -------- | :--------: | :--------: | 
| Realtime notifications | yes | *wip* |
| Connection loss resilience | yes | *wip* |

## Volatile data

Volatile data are data in JSON format that will be transmitted to Kuzzle in each request.  

This data is used in real-time notifications for [user join/leave notifications]({{site_base_path}}api/1/essentials/volatile-data/) to provide additional informations about the client who sent the request.

> If additionnal data are provided within a specific request, the volatile data will be merged with the request specific data taking priority over the global ones.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If additional data is provided within a specific request, the volatile data will be merged with the request specific data taking priority over the global ones.
```
